my guy in Australia turn me on tilted he
has 500 million see Dynasty that system
it's on my father one of the nicest I
just do a little bit more than everybody
else a lot of those videos like what you
see right here I'm on YouTube by the way
the video soon
there are stairs there's the room get
your basic edit Vikram whoo
mr. pincus's
you know closet
hmm let's lift a little walkway Oh
oh okay there you have it
I can't go in the basement they don't
have no way okay well we can't get in
the basement so that's taken me nice to
look after oh sorry here want that
carrot see I got a lot of debris on my
escape
whoa that card is a little bit overgrown
as you can see nice two-car garage
whoa
I don't think and you can think that you
can't see the back of their yard but I
know it's back there someone
all righty
okay well there you have watch my stuff
here okay but that's it folks on my
fears me downstairs someone tell coin it
so cutting off short I can show the
basement because it you see we don't
have no life
so until next time is David Cameron I'm
- Shh it'll say on so you get the next
location